Search privately every time with DuckDuckGo.
Set as Default
DuckDuckGo
Protection. Privacy. Peace of mind.
Open menu
 All
Images
Videos
News
More
Maps
Shopping
 Duck.ai
Search Settings
Protected
All regions
Safe search: moderate
Any time
Only showing results from
en.wikipedia.org
Show all results

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji

Jumanji - Wikipedia
Jumanji is an American media franchise, based on the children's book Jumanji (1981) and its sequel Zathura (2002), written by Chris Van Allsburg. The first film was produced by TriStar Pictures, and subsequent films by Columbia Pictures, both subsidiaries of Sony Pictures.

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji:_Welcome_to_the_Jungle

Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle - Wikipedia
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle is a 2017 American action-adventure comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan and written by Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Scott Rosenberg and Jeff Pinkner. The film is the third in the Jumanji film series and a direct sequel to Jumanji (1995). The film stars Dwayne Johnson, Jack Black, Kevin Hart, Karen Gillan, Nick Jonas, Rhys Darby and Bobby Cannavale. The story ...

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji:_The_Next_Level

Jumanji: The Next Level - Wikipedia
Jumanji: The Next Level is a 2019 American action-adventure comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan, who co-wrote the script with Jeff Pinkner and Scott Rosenberg. The film is the fourth in the Jumanji film series and a sequel to Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017).

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji_(film)

Jumanji (film) - Wikipedia
Jumanji is a 1995 American fantasy adventure film directed by Joe Johnston from a screenplay by Jonathan Hensleigh, Greg Taylor, and Jim Strain, based on the 1981 children's picture book by Chris Van Allsburg. The film is the first installment in the Jumanji film series and stars Robin Williams, Kirsten Dunst, David Alan Grier, Bonnie Hunt, Jonathan Hyde, and Bebe Neuwirth. The story centers ...

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji:_Open_World

Jumanji: Open World - Wikipedia
Jumanji: Open World is an upcoming American adventure comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan, who co-wrote the script with Jeff Pinkner and Scott Rosenberg. It is intended to be the fifth and final installment in the Jumanji film series, serving as a sequel to Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017) and Jumanji: The Next Level (2019).

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji_(picture_book)

Jumanji (picture book) - Wikipedia
Jumanji is a 1981 fantasy children's picture book written and illustrated by American author Chris Van Allsburg. [1] The book is about an enchanted board game that incorporates wild animals and other jungle elements as the game is played in real life.

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji_(TV_series)

Jumanji (TV series) - Wikipedia
Jumanji, also known as Jumanji: The Animated Series, is an American animated television series based on the 1995 film, which in turn was based on the 1981 children's picture book of the same name. The series ran for three seasons from September 8, 1996 to March 11, 1999. [1] In 1996, it aired on the UPN Kids block on UPN, but later seasons were syndicated under the Bohbot Kids Network block ...

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › List_of_Jumanji_episodes

List of Jumanji episodes - Wikipedia
List of Jumanji episodes Jumanji is an American animated television series inspired by the film, which was based on the short story of the same name. The series aired from 1996 to 1999, with three seasons and forty episodes. In 1996, it was carried by the UPN Kids network, [1] but later seasons were syndicated by BKN.

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Jumanji:_Welcome_to_the_Jungle_(soundtrack)

Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (soundtrack) - Wikipedia
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the film score to the 2017 film of the same name, written, and composed by British composer Henry Jackman. [1] The soundtrack was released digitally on December 15, 2017 through Sony Masterworks. A limited edition Vinyl which consisted of 300 copies was released on May 5, 2018. [2][3] The score was nominated for the 2018 ...

Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Category:Jumanji

Category:Jumanji - Wikipedia
Pages in category "Jumanji" The following 13 pages are in this category, out of 13 total. This list may not reflect recent changes.
More Results
More Images
Jumanji
American media franchise
Jumanji is an American media franchise, based on the children's book Jumanji and its sequel Zathura, written by Chris Van Allsburg. The first film was produced by TriStar Pictures, and subsequent films by Columbia Pictures, both subsidiaries of Sony Pictures. The franchise follows the adventures of various people who find themselves imperiled when playing an enchanted game that comes with a variety of dangerous jungle elements that the players must survive as they play Continued in Wikipedia
Creator	Chris Van Allsburg
Original work	Jumanji (1981)
Owner	Books: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Films: Sony Pictures Entertainment
Source: Wikipedia
Was this helpful?

Searches related to jumanji site:en.wikipedia.org

jumanji cast​
jumanji movie​
jumanji 1995​
jumanji the next level​
jumanji where to watch​
jumanji actors​
jumanji plot​
jumanji 1995 watch​
Close menu
SEARCH
Homepage
Themes
Settings
SHARE FEEDBACK
DOWNLOADS
iOS Browser
Android Browser
Mac Browser
Windows Browser
Browser Extensions
MORE FROM DUCKDUCKGO

Upgrade to our Private Browser

Fast. Secure. Free.

Download Browser
DuckDuckGo Subscription
Duck.ai
Email Protection
Newsletter
Blog
Podcast
LEARN MORE
What’s New
Compare Privacy
About Our Browser
About DuckDuckGo
OTHER RESOURCES
Help
Community
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Press Kit
Advertise on Search
Get Our Windows Browser

Protect your data as you search and browse.

Download
Share Feedback